DOCS-12108: improve sockets connector documentation about EOF protocol (#1645)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sockets/1.2/modules/ROOT/pages/sockets-documentation.adoc

[[eof-protocol]]
=== Eof Protocol

> Reading is terminated by the client by shutting down its output stream, also known as TCP Half Close feature. Use this protocol with SSL sockets that use TLS 1.3 version and later, (Half Close feature was introduced in TLS 1.3).

Reviewer: It would be better to start with what the Eof Protocol actually is and what it does. (I don't understand this well enough to reword.) Does the client shut down its own output stream or does the protocol do this?

Protocol that...

> This protocol transfers data. The stream end is indicated by closing the client connection. Reading through this protocol is terminated by the client by shutting down its output stream, also known as TCP Half Close feature. Use this protocol with SSL sockets that use TLS 1.3 version and later, (Half Close feature was introduced in TLS 1.3).

Reviewer: Is it possible to clarify these things? 
This protocol transfers data from xxx to yyy.
What closes the client connection? Is it the connector?
Is this right? The client reads through the protocol and shuts down its output stream when it is done. What output stream? How does shutting down an output stream stop the reading of data? Is it the client's output stream?
What is the Half Close feature - is it the client shutting down the output stream?

Author: When connecting using the EOF protocol, the client connects to a server and starts writing the message on the socket connection output stream. To signal the end of the message, the client is required to signal the end of file (EOF). This is accomplished closing the output stream and keeping the input stream open, awaiting for a response (This is known as half close). Then the server sends a response and closes it's OutputStream closing the whole socket connection.

For TLS secured connections, the use of TLS 1.3 and JDK 11 is required, since in TLS 1.2 and earlier versions, the half close is not supported (the half close triggers the close notify alert in order to prevent TLS Truncation attacks). TLS 1.3 is supported by JDK11 and newer versions.

> Also, `EofProtocol` is not compatible with pooling profile.

Reviewer: with the pooling profile.

[[eof-protocol]]
=== Eof Protocol

> When clients connect to a server using the EOF protocol, they write the message on the socket connection output stream. To signal the end of the message, clients must signal the end of file (EOF) by closing the output stream and keeping the input stream open, awaiting for a response from the server. This behavior is known as half close. Then, the server sends a response and closes its output stream and the whole socket connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When clients connect to a server using the EOF protocol, they write the message on the socket connection output stream. To signal the end of the message, clients must signal the end of file (EOF) by closing the output stream and keeping the input stream open, waiting for a response from the server. This behavior is known as half-close. Then, the server sends a response and closes its output stream and the whole socket connection.
```

> For TLS secured connections, use TLS 1.3 and JDK 11. Half-Close feature is not supported in TLS 1.2 and earlier versions. The half-close feature triggers the close notification alert in order to prevent TLS truncation attacks. JDK11 and newer versions support TLS 1.3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For TLS secured connections, use TLS 1.3 and JDK 11 as the half-close feature is not supported in TLS 1.2 and earlier versions. The half-close feature triggers the close notification alert to prevent TLS truncation attacks. JDK 11 and newer versions support TLS 1.3.
```
